CYxkhPROM0U rapidshare personal-data 60 uses personal information for limited purposes
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_ppolicy
> RapidShare collects only the data that is needed to open and manage your account. This data will not be used for any other purpose. RapidShare takes every affordable precaution to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction by taking all administrative, technical, and physical measures.

hlI-572bFho rapidshare law-gov 50 won't share information to a requesting authority without a legal basis
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_ppolicy
> If we are legally obliged to turn over information about the origin of a file, we will fulfil that obligation. The legal circumstances will be evaluated individually in each case by our legal department. Without a founded legal basis, no information will be given to a requesting authority.

-BdGb47IMyM rapidshare changes 25 allows four weeks to terminate contract when changing ToU
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_tou
> RapidShare will inform registered users about changes to the Terms of Use before they become effective. If the user has acquired a chargeable product and changes are made to this product with a disadvantage towards the user, then the user shall be entitled to terminate the contractual relationship within a period of four weeks after receiving notice of the changes. If the user does not make use of his/her right to terminate the contract, then the changes shall be considered accepted and will become effective components of the contract. RapidShare shall be obligated to refer the user to this rule again when providing notification of the new Terms of Use.

V7iUG2qrakE rapidshare damage -20 does not guarantee content damage
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_tou
> RapidShare does not guarantee or warrant that any content that the user saves, stores or accesses through the service will not be subject to inadvertent damage, corruption or loss.

Ytlp8YaeBr4 rapidshare uptime 0 guarantees 99.5% availability
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_tou
> Primarily, RapidShare shall provide the functions listed in Number I. (1) 24 hours a day and seven days a week. This accessibility can be guaranteed at a monthly average availability rate of 99.5%. Periods, during which the server cannot be accessed via the internet due to technical issues or other problems, which are not within the sphere of influence of RapidShare (third party faults, force majeure, etc.), are excluded.

QBD8LX5JwdE rapidshare damage 0 will delete files after 30 days of not been accessed
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_tou
> RapidShare hereby refers to the fact that, in order to clean its hard drives, is entitled to delete files that have not been accessed for a longer period of time. However, this deletion shall only take place after 30 days have passed since the end of the last download. If a file has not been accessed for download, the minimum storage period of 30 days shall begin with the completion of the upload.

DWrWnxYqe48 rapidshare personal-data 40 does not index or open the files
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_tou
> The files saved with RapidShare are treated confidentially. RapidShare does not provide any search function, with which RapidShare’s infrastructure can be searched. RapidShare does not scan or open the files of its users. The files are not catalogued nor listed in tables of contents by RapidShare. Only the owner of the account has the possibility to allow the access to his files.
https://www.rapidshare.com/#!rsag_ppolicy
> Nobody can access your files without knowledge of the complete download link. This does also apply to RapidShare employees. There is no software that will scan your files for certain patterns or the like.

gVTL529k5as freeforums changes -25 reserves the right to change the terms with immediate effect
From http://www.freeforums.org/tos.php: "FreeForums.org reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of such changes."

hiZY0tNP6kQ informe changes -25 reserves the right to change the terms at any time
From http://forums.informe.com/TermsOfService.html : "Informe.com reserves the right, at its discretion, to add, change, modify, or remove portions of these terms at any time. "

CDh_bV7eWSs nabble changes -25 ToS may be changed without notice
At http://www.nabble.com/Terms.jtp?back=y , there is "This Web site and these Terms of Use may be changed by Nabble with or without notice."

damOWTFaho0 twitter readability 50 provide archives of their ToS
At https://twitter.com/tos/previous you can see previous versions of Twitter's ToS

damOWTFaho0 google readability 25 Partial archives of their ToS
At http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/archive/ you can see at least one previous versions of Google's ToS

s98UR0Jx6Z4 facebook track -50 Automatically shares your data with many other services
Facebook automatically shares your information with Bing, Pandora, 
TripAdvisor, Yelp, Rotten Tomatoes, Clicker, Scribd, and Docs, unless 
you manually opt-out.

DRj4SuDbnP8 newsblur data-export 50 allows for easy import & export
allows for easy OPML import & export, also Google reader import

DRj4SuDbnP8 newsblur free-software 50 it’s free software (MIT)
it’s free software (MIT) https://github.com/samuelclay/NewsBlur

1wWcVuiCJ2Y couchsurfing copyright -25 keeps the license on your content, even after you close your account
"21.7 Survival. Sections 4.4 (Release), 5 (Member Conduct and 
Content), 6 (Submissions), 10 (Trademarks), 12 (Third-Party Content), 
15 (Member's Representations and Warranties), 16 (Disclaimer of 
Warranties), 17 (Limits on Liability), 18 (Indemnity), 20 (Disputes), 
and this Section 21 (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination or 
expiration of these Terms." 
section 5 is the one that contains the license they get on your content.

oZ1VvxnWoeM couchsurfing leave -25 may retain your data after deactivation for legitimate business purposes
"may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate 
business purposes and to protect member safety." They say they will hold data from already 
closed accounts in order to help them combat fraud on the platform. 

x9BDfg-SFqY couchsurfing business-transfer 10 will pass your data on to the new company if they enter in a merger
"Sharing of Information 
We do not share personal information about you with third parties 
except as follows: 
[...] 
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of 
company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our 
business to another company". The consensus on this thread is that this is standard practice, so does not merit negative points.

dQV8notmhfI couchsurfing copyright-scope -80 copyright license on user data is broader than necessary
"5.3 Member Content License. If you post Member Content to our 
Services, you hereby grant us a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, 
non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable license to use, 
reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, create derivative works 
from, distribute, have distributed and promote such Member Content in 
any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created and for any 
purpose, including without limitation the right to use your name, 
likeness, voice or identity."

BmzBPGyHGW0 couchsurfing suspension 0 may close your account at their sole discretion
"REPEAT INFRINGER POLICY 
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and 
other applicable law, CouchSurfing has adopted a policy of 
terminating, in appropriate circumstances and in CouchSurfing's sole 
discretion, members who are deemed to be repeat infringers. 
CouchSurfing may also, in our sole discretion, limit access to the 
Services and/or terminate the accounts of any members who we believe 
may infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or 
not there is any repeat infringement."

ShwCMjNBd2o couchsurfing ownership -20 becomes the owner of ideas you give them
"If you provide a 
Submission, you agree that it is non-confidential (unless CouchSurfing 
states otherwise in writing) and shall become the sole property of 
CouchSurfing."

rfLB9eDVNtk couchsurfing suspension 0 will censor the content you upload at their sole discretion
"You are solely responsible for any Member Content that you submit, 
post or transmit via our Services. You agree not to post, upload to, 
transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the 
Services, Member Content that we believe, in our sole discretion: 
(and then a list of reasons, like racism, nudity, drug use, copyright 
infringement, etc)


